doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/applications-config.md

[--disable-zero-downtime]       Disable zero-downtime (default: false)
[--enable-sticky-sessions]      Enable sticky-sessions (default: false)
[--disable-sticky-sessions]     Disable sticky-sessions (default: false)
[--enable-cancel-on-push]       Enable cancel-on-push (default: false)
[--disable-cancel-on-push]      Disable cancel-on-push (default: false)
[--enable-force-https]          Enable force-https (default: false)
[--disable-force-https]         Disable force-https (default: false)
```

## env

Environment variables of Clever Cloud applications can easily be modified:

```
clever env set VARIABLE VALUE
clever env rm VARIABLE
```

You can import local environment variables (comma separated) or from a file through `stdin`. If it's a JSON file, each object should be composed of a `name` and a `value`.

```
clever env import-vars VAR_NAME1,VAR_NAME2
clever env import < .env
cat .env.json | clever env import --json
```

To show or export environment variables of an application, use:

```
clever env
clever env > .env
```

You can also export environment variable in a sourceable format (`export ENV_NAME="VALUE";`):

```
clever env --add-export
```

## domain

> By default, a Clever Cloud application gets a `app_id.cleverapps.io`. To see it, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a Clever Cloud application gets an `app_id.cleverapps.io`. To see it, use:
```

```
clever domain
```

To add/remove domains through these commands, use:

```
add                        Add a domain name to a Clever Cloud application
favourite                  Manage Clever Cloud application favourite domain name
rm                         Remove a domain name from a Clever Cloud application
```

> [!TIP]
> You can can set the same domain with multiple apps thanks to [prefix routing](https://developers.clever-cloud.com/doc/administrate/domain-names/#prefix-routing), regex are also supported. For example you can add `mydomain.com/app1` domain to an application and `mydomain.com/app2` to another

To (un)set the favourite domain, use:

```
clever domain favourite set FQDN
clever domain favourite unset FQDN
```

## scale and dedicated build

> You can also easily change the number of instances and `flavor` of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also easily change the number of instances and `flavor` for an
```

> application. It can also have a different `flavor` used for build phase, to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application. A custom `flavor` can be used for the build phase, to get
```
